Add helm to argocd docs (#28630)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/continuous_delivery/deployments/argocd.md

The setup below uses the [Webhook notification service][5] of Argo CD to send notifications to Datadog.

> First, add your [Datadog API Key][11] in the `argocd-notifications-secret` secret with the `dd-api-key` key. See [the Argo CD guide][2] for information on modifying the `argocd-notifications-secret`. For sending notifications, the setup is different depending on wether or not you installed Argo CD using Helm or the regular setup.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
First, add your [Datadog API Key][11] in the `argocd-notifications-secret` secret with the `dd-api-key` key. See [the Argo CD guide][2] for information on modifying the `argocd-notifications-secret`. For sending notifications, the setup is different depending on whether you installed Argo CD using Helm or the regular setup (ConfigMap).
```

> First, add your [Datadog API Key][11] in the `argocd-notifications-secret` secret with the `dd-api-key` key. See [the Argo CD guide][2] for information on modifying the `argocd-notifications-secret`. For sending notifications, the setup is different depending on whether you installed Argo CD using Helm or the regular setup (ConfigMap).

Reviewer 2: Given the regular setup is configmap, I think it should stay the first tab. This way most people will see it and not Helm

      url: https://webhook-intake.{{< region-param key="dd_site" code="true" >}}/api/v2/webhook
      headers:
        - name: "DD-CD-PROVIDER-ARGOCD"
          value: "true"
        - name: "Content-Type"
          value: "application/json"
        - name: "DD-API-KEY"
          value: $dd-api-key
  templates:
    template.cd-visibility-template: |
      webhook:
        cd-visibility-webhook:
          method: POST
          body: |
            {
              "app": {{toJson .app}},
              "context": {{toJson .context}},
              "service_type": {{toJson .serviceType}},
              "recipient": {{toJson .recipient}},
              "commit_metadata": {{toJson (call .repo.GetCommitMetadata .app.status.operationState.syncResult.revision)}}
            }
  triggers:
    trigger.cd-visibility-trigger: |
      - when: app.status.operationState.phase in ['Succeeded', 'Failed', 'Error', 'OutOfSync'] and app.status.health.status in ['Healthy', 'Degraded']
        send: [cd-visibility-template]
      - when: app.status.operationState.phase == 'Running' and app.status.health.status in ['Healthy', 'Degraded']
        send: [cd-visibility-template]
```
{{% /tab %}}

> {{% tab "Direct ConfigMap" %}}

Author: I'm unsure about how to name the "Normal" installation

Reviewer: I think this works!

Reviewer 2: You say regular setup above, how about keeping this wording? The tab can be `Regular setup (ConfigMap)`

    - when: app.status.operationState.phase == 'Running' and app.status.health.status in ['Healthy', 'Degraded']
      send: [cd-visibility-template]
```
{{% /tab %}}
{{% tab "Helm" %}}
If you used Helm to install Argo CD, add the following configuration to your `values.yaml`:

```yaml
notifications:
  notifiers:
    service.webhook.cd-visibility-webhook: |
      url: https://webhook-intake.{{< region-param key="dd_site" code="true" >}}/api/v2/webhook
      headers:
        - name: "DD-CD-PROVIDER-ARGOCD"
          value: "true"
        - name: "Content-Type"
          value: "application/json"
        - name: "DD-API-KEY"
          value: $dd-api-key
  templates:
    template.cd-visibility-template: |
      webhook:
        cd-visibility-webhook:
          method: POST
          body: |
            {
              "app": {{toJson .app}},
              "context": {{toJson .context}},
              "service_type": {{toJson .serviceType}},
              "recipient": {{toJson .recipient}},
              "commit_metadata": {{toJson (call .repo.GetCommitMetadata .app.status.operationState.syncResult.revision)}}
            }
  triggers:
    trigger.cd-visibility-trigger: |

>       - when: app.status.operationState.phase in ['Succeeded', 'Failed', 'Error', 'OutOfSync'] and app.status.health.status in ['Healthy', 'Degraded']

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
      - when: app.status.operationState.phase in ['Succeeded', 'Failed', 'Error'] and app.status.health.status in ['Healthy', 'Degraded']
```

OutOfSync is not in the phases requested in the normal setup

Author: 🤦🏼 Its been in my setup all this time
